0. "Base" means the number of digits that a system can use. In other words, it's the number of available digits. All base-x systems start with the number zero. For 
example, a base-10 system has access to digits 0-9 inclusive. Because it has 10 available digits to use, it is called "base-10". Another example is "base-2", which 
has 2 available digits to use. These digits are 0 and 1.

1. Binary is a system that utilizes base-2. More specifically, it runs on the digits 0 and 1. It is important in computer science because it is the easiest and most 
efficient way to represent things electronically. It is considered the easiest and most efficient way because instead of representing numbers using a base-10 system 
with 10 total possible digits to use, binary can represent these numbers using only two digits.

2. In binary, there is a chain of 0s and 1s that represent the values in the decimal system. In order to convert a binary value into a decimal one, assign the right most 
digit the value of "2^0". Then, going towards the left-most digit, assign the next digits the value of "2^(n+1)" where n equals the exponent of the power of 2 that was
assigned to the previous digit. For example, the digit immediately on the left of the digit that was assigned "2^0" should be assigned the value "2^1". Keep on assigning
powers of 2 to the digits until you reach the left-most digit. Each digit now corresponds to a power of two. Now add all of the powers of two that correspond with the 
digit "1". Add these values up and you will get the decimal form of the binary. You may simple ignore the powers of two that correspond with a "0" digit.

3. When converting from decimal to binary, first determine the greatest power of two that is less than the original decimal. For example, this value for the decimal "75" will 
be "2^6". Let's call this value "greatest power of two". The number of digits your binary will have is equal to n+1, where n equals the exponent of the greatest power of two. You can go
ahead and draw lines as placeholders for the digits for visualization. Underneath each imaginary digit, starting with the left-most digit, write powers of two in descending order
from the "greatest pwoer of two" until you get to the last digit on the very right. The last digit should correspond to 2^0. If it does not, you did something wrong. The digit
that corresponds with the greatest power of two is 1. Subtract the greatest power of two from the original decimal. How find a combination of powers of two that will equal 
the difference you got if they are added together. These powers of two wil be assigned the digit 1 in binary. Go ahead and put "1" above these values. Now put a  "0" above the powers
of two that you did NOT use. This is your origian decimal value in binary form.


      
